hey guys I got a request on how I
installed the CB radio in my Xterra this
is just a cheap Cobra 19 ultra 3 came
from I think like Radio Shack or Publix
alright not Publix Radio Shack or
Walmart or something like that I can't
really remember I got it but here's how
I mounted it I just took an L bracket it
usually it comes with an L bracket or
something like that but I don't have
this so I just took an L bracket took
two screws screw it into the side right
there this is just hot glue because I
had it hooked all that stuff on there
was I had it hot glued on to there and
then it fell so I screwed it in here the
coax comes out of the bottom and goes
underneath the center console and I'll
show you how it wired all that stuff and
the power cable is also under there as
well the power cable comes out it
actually comes through the underneath
this and then is run up here this just
kind of comes out sometimes but power
cable comes out goes all the way through
here and it's ran into my fuse box you
can just pick any fuse that is usually
12 volts which I think most of them are
so you just pull the fuse out and stick
the power cable through there
you take the ground cable from the CB
radio as well and you find the grounding
point it doesn't really matter just as
long as it's touching metal on your
vehicle so for the coax no yeah I do
have coax coming through here this is
the coax cable
it's supposed to be stuck up there more
- it's run into this little side panel
comes out runs all the way down comes
out right here a little bit just cuz I
don't have anywhere to put it
and
runs all the way through here up and
then that comes out right here a little
bit too as well just because there's
really nowhere to run that and then see
come down through here and runs all the
way to the back and it is coiled up
inside of the panel on the inside in
here it's all coiled up in there for the
XS the coax comes out right here and is
ran up to the CB antenna this is a
mirror mount the mountain is a little
plastic piece I actually lost the
plastic piece so I made my own so this
will be like white and it'll be a lot
smaller but so this is the mirror mount
right here this little metal piece is
something that I made myself to you
mount it I just took a piece of aluminum
Maiden L bracket screwed it all in put
two screws through the frame or the body
and I also Jamie welded it in there
because he was wiggling around a lot and
the screws would come on Lynn so this is
a Radio Shack antenna for feet and it is
adjustable make sure you get an
adjustable antenna they helped a lot I
don't really know how to set up an into
no that's not adjustable so ya hold just
go to the front again and I will show
you
so the CB only turns on whenever I turn
my car around
so there we go
turn on the CB look at a lot of signal
out here just because I'm kind of in the
suburbs so what you can find me on
channel 6 you have some people oh yes
someone
a lot of it has to do with I am in the
suburbs is not a lot of trucks coming
through stuff like that you're gonna
need one of these also when setting up
your CB radio you can usually go to a
truck stop and you can get one of these
but this is a SWR meter and it basically
Tunes your CB antenna the way it needs
to be tuned you'll need a little jumper
cable as well that comes with it please
mine did I got this on eBay for I think
like twelve bucks shipped to my house
with the jumper cables so not bad at all
you'll definitely need one of these
though when setting up your CB radio
hopefully that answered all your
questions on how I ran this in my car we
have any more questions
leave a comment and I'll try my best on
how to answer them if you guys need a
video on how I did the STR meter you can
also do that so yeah thanks for watching
guys